{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red163\green21\blue21;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13320\viewh12620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 These are instructions for importing a 3rd party sketch into our system. \
\
1) Open the transporter project into Processing app and try running it. If you did not get the TotalControl driver installed, you can comment that code out. Go to Pixels.pde and comment out \
import TotalControl.*;\
\
Also comment out anything that has the variable "tc" in it. For example, \

\f1 TotalControl tc; \
tc.printError(status); 
\f0 \
don't mess with variables that have tc in their name like 
\fs26 \CocoaLigature0 TC_ERR_OPEN. Those should be left alone. \
You should be able to run find now without the driver. 
\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 \
\
\
2) From processing, select the arrow on the right, and pick "new Tab". This will create a new file. Name the new file the same as the class name of your new sketch\
\
3) Paste the existing sketch into this file. \
If you have data, copy them into the TranceporterIIProcessing/data folder, make sure that your filenames don't already exist, or you will break another sketch. \
\
4) Wrap your code in a class and give it a constructor, like this: \
\
\pard\tx313\pardeftab313\pardirnatural

\f2\fs26 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 class\cf0  MyNewClass \cf2 extends\cf0  Drawer \{\
\
  MyNewClass(Pixels p, Settings s) \{\
    \cf2 super\cf0 (p, s);\
  \}\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 5) Under the constructor and before setup(), add this method with the display name for your class. This will display on the pad  GUI. \
\
\pard\tx313\pardeftab313\pardirnatural

\f2\fs26 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0   String getName() \{ \cf2 return\cf0  \cf3 "MyNewClass"\cf0 ; \}\
\pard\tx313\pardeftab313\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 6) In your setup() method, delete the line the has the size() in it. That is normally the first line. You are stuck using the size of the LED's that we have installed on the art car. \
\
7) Any graphic calls need to be prefixed with pg.  For example, 
\f2\fs26 \CocoaLigature0       \
	background(color(0,0,0));\

\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 should be changed to: \
\pard\tx313\pardeftab313\pardirnatural

\f2\fs26 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0      pg.background(color(0,0,0));\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
Anything that draws to the screen must draw to pg instead. \
\
\
8) Go to TranceporterIIProcessing and add your sketch to the list of modes. Find the section like this and add your new class: \
\
\pard\tx313\pardeftab313\pardirnatural

\f2\fs26 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0     modes = \cf2 new\cf0  Drawer[] \{\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 You probably want to make your class the first in the array, to make it easier to debug. \
\
9) Run the sketch and see how it looks. You can click on the left side 2D square to rotate through the different sketches, but to control the different settings you need the Pad app. \
\
Misc: \
1) If you are going to use the custom controls, then you should set their display names with these methods: \
\pard\tx313\pardeftab313\pardirnatural

\f2\fs26 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0   String getCustom1Label() \{ \cf2 return\cf0  \cf3 "More Awesome"\cf0 ;\}\
  String getCustom2Label() \{ \cf2 return\cf0  \cf3 "Zestier"\cf0 ;\}\
\

\f0 2) If you want to detect beats, use \

\f2 \
settings.isBeat(1);\
settings.isBeat(2);\
settings.isBeat(3);\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 This are one when there is a beat on the treble, mid range, or bass. Use these in your draw routine.\
\
3) If you want to use colors that change to the beat, use: \
\pard\tx313\pardeftab313\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 getNumColors();\
getColor(index);\

\f0 see the other sketches for how this is used. \
\
4) you can use the variables "width" and "height" to get the size of the drawing area in pixels. 
\f2 \
\
\
\pard\tx313\pardeftab313\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
}